Fix broken links (#916)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you feel another member of the community violated our CoC or you are experiencing problems participating in our community because of another individual's behavior, please get in touch with our [maintainers](README.md#maintainers). We will enforce the CoC.

> ![Overview diagram of the contribution model](/assets/contribution-model.jpg?raw=true "Overview diagram of the contribution model")

Reviewer: Thanks for adding an alternative description 🙌🏻

The relative link would break the image in Storybok (this file is turned into the [Contributing → Overview](https://circuit.sumup.com/?path=/story/introduction-contributing-overview--page) page. 

Let's fix the raw URL instead. 
```suggestion
![Overview diagram of the contribution model](https://github.com/sumup-oss/circuit-ui/raw/main/assets/contribution-model.jpg "Overview diagram of the contribution model")
```
